hi guys how's it going it's john from
orb headphones here and today i have
some exciting news to share with you
first off we have a couple new products
in the shop that i think you're going to
want to hear about and then next up
today we're announcing our end of summer
giveaway contest we're going to be
raffling off over 150 prizes this is by
far the biggest contest we've done yet
and one of the biggest contests I've
ever even heard about so stay tuned
you're going to hear the details in just
a moment let's head inside and see what
these new products are all right guys as
promised the Sennheiser momentum are now
in stock in the web headphones store a
lot of people have been asking about
these headphones I know they're not
exactly brand new market but there's
something we haven't had yet and so
therefore I'm sure you'll be super
excited to hear about it next up is
something that is sort of new to the
market these are the checks but in the
sort of neon green bright color you'll
be seeing these a little bit closer on
your screen now and these are a super
hot looking color especially when it
comes to a fashion in earbuds and
headphones these are definitely good
pick all right so now on to the contest
talked about these guys will get these
on boy we put them over here so you can
take a look at them so we're giving away
over 150 prizes over 30 pairs of
headphones all you need to do to enter
this it's very simple just go to the
link below the video right now go ahead
and enter your first name your email and
that's it you're entering to win there
are a few rules and regulations to this
contest so make sure to check those out
on the page but other than that everyone
has a fair fighting chance so be sure to
enter again this is over 150 prizes look
so pretty much you have a really good
shot of winning depending on how many
people who enter judging by what we're
expecting in terms of entries you're
going to have anywhere
maybe one in five to a one in ten chance
of winning which is pretty good if you
ask me so again guys don't sleep on this
one this contest runs starting now until
august 31st at which point august 31st
will be randomly selecting the winners
alright guys stay tuned for more talk to
you soon